Write a SQL statement that displays all the information about all salespeople.

Write a SQL statement to display specific columns such as names and commissions for all salespeople.  

From the following table, write a SQL query to locate salespeople who live in the city of 'Paris'. Return salesperson's name, city. 

From the following table, write a SQL query to find orders that are delivered by a salesperson with ID. 5001. Return ord_no, ord_date, purch_amt.  

From the following table, write a SQL query to locate the details of customers with grade values above 100. Return customer_id, cust_name, city, grade, and salesman_id. 

From the following table, write a SQL query to find the details of those salespeople whose commissions range from 0.10 to0.12. Return salesman_id, name, city, and commission. 

From the following table, write a SQL query to find the details of those salespeople who come from the 'Paris' City or 'Rome' City. Return salesman_id, name, city, commission.

From the following table, write a SQL query to select orders between 500 and 4000 (begin and end values are included). Exclude orders amount 948.50 and 1983.43. Return ord_no, purch_amt, ord_date, customer_id, and salesman_id. 

From the following table, write a SQL query to retrieve the details of the salespeople whose names begin with any letter between 'A' and 'L' (not inclusive). Return salesman_id, name, city, commission. 

From the following table, write a SQL query to calculate total purchase amount of all orders. Return total purchase amount.

From the following table, write a SQL query to count the number of customers. Return number of customers.  

From the following table, write a SQL query to find the maximum purchase amount.  

From the following table, write a SQL query to find the highest purchase amount ordered by each customer. Return customer ID, maximum purchase amount. 

From the following table, write a SQL query to determine the highest purchase amount made by each salesperson on '2012-08-17'. Return salesperson ID, purchase amount 

From the following table, write a SQL query that calculates the maximum purchase amount generated by each salesperson for each order date. Sort the result-set by salesperson id and order date in ascending order. Return salesperson id, order date and maximum purchase amount. 

From the following table, write a SQL query that counts the unique orders and the highest purchase amount for each customer. Sort the result-set in descending order on 2nd field. Return customer ID, number of distinct orders and highest purchase amount by each customer. 

From the following tables, write a SQL query to find the salespeople and customers who live in the same city. Return customer name, salesperson name and salesperson city.

From the following tables, write a SQL query to find all orders executed by the salesperson and ordered by the customer whose grade is greater than or equal to 200. Compute purch_amt*commission as “Commission”. Return customer name, commission as “Commission%” and Commission.

From the following table, write a SQL query to find those customers who placed orders on October 5, 2012. Return customer_id, cust_name, city, grade, salesman_id, ord_no, purch_amt, ord_date, customer_id and salesman_id.

Write a SQL statement to make a report with customer name, city, order number, order date, and order amount in ascending order according to the order date to determine whether any of the existing customers have placed an order or not.

List the names of customers and their corresponding salesmen for customers who have placed orders over $1000.

Find the total number of orders placed by customers in each city.

Identify salespeople who have not sold to any customer in 'New York'.

Determine the average order value for each salesman, ordered by average order value in descending order.

Count the number of salespeople who have a commission rate higher than the average commission rate of all salespeople.

Display the name of each salesman along with their highest single order amount.

List all salesmen and the total number of orders they have processed, including those with zero orders.

Calculate the total sales amount for salespeople based in 'Paris'.

Find customers who have been served by more than one salesman.

Show the date of the first order placed by each customer.

List the top 3 customers by total order amount in 'London'.

For each salesman, count how many orders above $500 they have processed.

Identify the month with the highest total sales amount.

Find all customers who have not placed any order since 2012-01-01.

List salesmen who have processed orders but have never sold to customers in 'California'.

Show cities that have generated total orders over $5000.

Determine the total number of unique cities where salesmen are located.

Identify the salesman with the lowest total sales amount and list all of his customers.

Calculate the difference between the highest and lowest order amounts for each salesman.

List each salesman's name and their largest single sale amount to any customer.

Show the total number of orders placed on weekends.

Determine the average number of days between orders for each customer.

List customers and their last order date, for those who have placed more than 5 orders.

Identify the salesman who has the most customers with a grade above 200.

List all salesmen and their respective customers from New York.

How many orders were placed by customers in Paris?

Identify the salesman with the highest commission in Paris.

Show the total purchase amount for orders placed in October 2012.

Find all customers served by salesmen from their same city.

What is the average purchase amount of orders handled by each salesman?
